Expand “Quick Start” section (#8)
verkstedt/actions: README.md

   - skip `chromatic`, if your project doesn’t use it
   - skip `trello`, if your project doesn’t use it 😿

2. If your project doesn’t have `package.json` in the root, change
   `working-directory` from `.` in all of the files that define it.

   If you have multiple `package.json` files, create separate YAML files
   for each of them. Also change `name:` to be able to distinguish
   between them.

3. You might have these vars defined on the GitHub organisation level,
   but want to overwrite them with project–specific values:

   - `SLACK_CHANNEL_ID` var, if you have a project–specific channel

>      Open Slack in the browser, open the channel and copy id from the
>      URL.

Reviewer: I think this might be a bit more straightforward 

```suggestion
     In Slack

     - click on the channel
     - open the channel details panel (the channel name on the top of the screen)
     - the channel ID is at the bottom
```

Author: Good point, thank you. :slightly_smiling_face:
